Init steps.
Created an account with shishirkumar123@gmail.com.

1. I directly started with Cosmos DB.
2. During creation it asks to create resource group and Cosmos DB account.
3. I left
4. I started with Azure Devops. It prompted to create new organization.
	Name of Org - Shishir-Org1
	Project hosted in - USA
	Project name - Shishir-Proj1
	
5. Creating and running a pipeline.
	Error: no hosted parallelism has been purchased or granted
	Went to https://aka.ms/azpipelines-parallelism-request to fill the form
	Filled up Azure DevOps Parallelism Request email, org name etc.
	It takes 2-3 business days to get the approval.
	Now I am able to create pipeline.
6. If I try to create anything, like Resource Group, VM, Storage Account,
	it asks for subscription and resource group. Subscription is prepopulated
	with value 'Azure subscription 1'. Seems like it is created by default.
7. Here is the heirarchy - Management Group -> Subscription -> Resource Group
	-> Resources. (MG can have more child MG)
8. Installing NodeJS App
	-Searched for App Service, created app services. In the process created a new
	Resource Group. Selected Free pricing plan( Redundancy wont be available).
	So another resource of type App Service plan got created.
	[Note: Continuous deployment is not enabled by default. Can be enabled later on]
9. In the reource groupsection,I notice two resource group already present - EUS, WUS
10. When trying to deploy, it asks for source code location in some version
	control system. It also create an identity in the steps. It uses default subscription.
	SCM_DO_BUILD_DURING_DEPLOYMENT = true

Read the theory about the hieararchy:

Management Groups - By default, 1 MG was there Tenant Root Group. It wasnt visible from anywhere. When I searched for MG, the MG page opened up, showing message start creating MG. I created 1st MG. Then I saw the hierarchy. This new MG was created the MG called Tenant Root Group. Max 10,000 MG in a single directory

1. Azure AD Tenant (Identity Management)
    - Subscriptions - By default, 1 Scubcription was created inside MG - Azure subscription 1.
                  - subscription type(offer) e.g FreeTrial, Pay-as-you-go, CSP (Cost service provider)
      -Resource Groups
                  - resource group type - vm, public ip addresses, n/w interface,  
        -Resources
2. Azure AD Tenant (Identity Management)
    - Azure Devops Organisation
 	-Devops projects(Codes, Pipelines)
           -Service connections -> azure Subscription Resources


Microsoft Entra ID [Azure AD is now Microsoft Entra ID]- 
Microsoft Entra ID is a cloud-based identity and access management service that your employees can use to access external resources. Example resources include Microsoft 365, the Azure portal, and thousands of other SaaS applications.

Relationship of Entra ID with subscription -  
All Azure subscriptions have a trust relationship with a Microsoft Entra tenant. Subscriptions rely on this tenant (directory) to authenticate and authorize security principals and devices. When a subscription expires, the trusted instance remains, but the security principals lose access to Azure resources. Subscriptions can only trust a single directory while one Microsoft Entra tenant may be trusted by multiple subscriptions.

On portal.azure.com, in my profile, I see:
  - a default directory is created with the name 'Default Directory'
  - a domain with the name 'shishirkumar123gmail.onmicrosoft.com'
  - a directory with id 20365eaf-7843-45ba-8671-6b5f3e7f5b9c
On entra.microsoft.com I see:
  - I see tenant id 20365eaf-7843-45ba-8671-6b5f3e7f5b9c
  - A domain with the name 'shishirkumar123gmail.onmicrosoft.com'
  - Provision to create groups, users.  User name will have a pattern - XXXX@@shishirkumar123gmail.onmicrosoft.com
  


Tenant: A tenant is a dedicated and isolated instance of the Azure Active Directory
Directory: A directory is a container for objects such as users, groups, and applications, and is used to manage access to resources in Azure.

Tenant and Directory are kind of same thing. Sometime also referred to as Account.
Tenant id is unque globally.

In Azure, a domain is used to verify ownership of a custom domain name and to create user names and email addresses for users in a tenant. 

Tenant and Directory has many to many relationship????

All subscriptions within a single management group must trust the same Entra ID tenant.
