User Guide - https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/VPC_Internet_Gateway.html
With Amazon account -
Below items are created by default-
	Multiple regions
	One vpc per region
	Multiple availability zone per Region. Subnet of same/different VPC can be inside same availability zone?
	One route table per vpc.
	One internet gateway per region or per VPC? Internet gateway is needed by those VPCs only which has at least one public subnet.
	One DHCP option set per region
	One NACL per region.
	
	Note that number of regions and AZs are fixed and decided by AWS. We dont create region/AZ.
	
What is not created by default-
	NAT Gateways
	Virtual private Gateways
	Customer Gateways
----
Internet Gateway
	Type of NAT(network address translation) device that uses bidirectional communication.
	Translate from a private IP address to a single Public IP address.
	Provide access into the VPC and back out to the internet, attached to VPC.
----
Egress Only Gateway
	Same as IGW but for IPv6
	Doesn't allow traffic back-in
	By default every IPv6 is publicly routable so there is not choice for public and private subnet.
----
Once VPC created, one IPv4 is created what you specified during VPC creation. That becomes primary IPv4. You can't delete it.
If you delete the default VPC, you can't get it back without getting help from VPC support.
Dedicated VPCs are fast but costly.
VPC cant be deleted till it has associated instance, associated NAT Gateway, Internet gateway. 
Other things like subnet, SG, NACL, routing table gets deleted in cascade fasion.
----
VPC Peering - To connect 2 VPCs in same region. Peering is not transitive.
Elastic IP addresses - Static, charge associated. 
VPC endpoint - Helps connect other service like S3, DynamoDB to VPC.
VPC Endpoint Service - Helps connect to other account.
----
Verify two EC2 instances in 2 different subnet of same VPC are able to communicate.
----
For making a subnet public -
	- Create an internet gateway and associate with subnet
	- All instances(EC2 etc) should have public or elastic IP.
	- Configure all NACL and SG rules.
----	
Route table - Set of rules called routes to determine network traffic direction. (Internet traffic allowed or just local etc.). The default route table that is created when VPC is created is called 'main'. Route table and subnet relation is one to many.
----
NAT device - Used by instances of private subnet to access internet. Outside world still cant access these instances.
	Only have one IP address.
	2 types - NAT Gateway(recommended, managed) and NAT instance. NAT gateway hours are charged based on usage and amount of data processed.
	Once NAT gateway is created, one network interface is also created. This can be viewed from EC2 >> Network and Security >> Network Interface. 
	Seems like Elastic IP address is automatically created and associated with NAT gateway when a NAT gateway is created. Verify.
	NAT gateway itself recide in public subnet.
	Can't be associated by NACL, only with SG.
	Aren't highly available, should have a NAT gateway in each AZ.
	Automatically scale with loads.

----	
Security group - Associated with a VPC. Act as a firewall that controlls the traffic for one or more instances by adding rules to SG. Examples -
	SG for web server typically allows only port 80(HTTP), 443(HTTPS) traffic. May be add SSH at 22 to manage it.
	SG for database server may allow only port 1433(MS SQL), 3389(RDP).
It is recommended to create different SGs for different layers.
Default inbound rule - none (Nothing allowed)
Default ourbound rule -all (Everything allowed)
----	
ACLs - You might setup network ACLs with rules similar to your security groups in order to add additional layer of security to your VPCs. For every subnet, an ACL is a must. A default ACL is created, when a subnet is created. ACL to subnet relation is one to many. Unlike SG, ACL is stateless.
----
Amazon recommends SG for whitelisting and ACL for blacklisting. Additionally use WAF for vulnarabilities.
----
Virtual Private Gateway - used for making VPN connection. VPN connections costs money depending on usage and amount of data transfer.
----

VCP limits - 200 subnets, 200 roue tables, 500 SG, 50 inbound+outbound rules - per VPC.
5 VPC per region.


 
 Question
 1. While creating VPC, we specify IPv4 CIDR block. If we put 10.0.0.1/24, it will generate 256 IP addresses. What if I just want 50 IP address.
 2. How do I decide between regional replication and zonal replication for various resources like s3, dynamodb?
 A. S3 is at regioanl level.
 
 3.EC2/Farget instance can crash, ECS can rebuild a new instance. What if a subnet/AZ crash, or a VPC crash? Who will recreate it?
 
 4. In the same AWS account can I create 2 VPCs with same CIDR - 10.100.0.0/16 and again 10.100.0.0/16? Consider VPC in same region, different region.
 
 5. After configuring the network, can I export it.
 6. How VPC flowlog is different from cloudwatch?
 
 7. There was a default VPC in Oregon region with IPv4/CIDR 171.31.0.0/16. Can I create a new VPC in same region with same IPv4/CIDR?
 A. Yes. But I think it can create problem during peering between them. Verify.

 8. Can you crea more than one internet gateway withing one VPC?
 9. Route table per region, per vpc or per AZ/subnet?
 10. If AZ and subnet is 1 to 1 mapped why there was a need for these two construct? Cant they be clubbed as one?
 11. Can a subnet be associated with more than 1 route table? Vice versa?
