Overview
==============
AI - build applications that can perform its own task without human intervention
	(How this defination doesn't apply to automation???)
	e.g Netfilex reco engine, Self driving car
	
ML - Subset of AI. Apply statistical tools on data to perform statistical analysis, 
	visualization, prediction, forcasting
	
Deep Learning - Sunset of ML. Mimics human brain. Multilayered Nueral n/w
	ANN - 
	CNN - computer vision
	RNN - text related, time series use case
	
	Transformers and berts.
	
	DL models two types
		Descreminative models - classification, prediction. Trained on lebeled dataset.
		Generative models - generates new data trained on huge dataset.
        Artificial neural network
		input layer -->HiddentLayer --> output layer
	Convolution neural network
		grid data e.g image data
	Recurrent neural network
		For sequence data
	Reinforcement Learning
		input layer -->HiddentLayer(Feedback loop) --> output layer
		LLM is related to this.
		Agent, state, environment
	GAN - Generative advertial network
		neural network to generate data.

GAI two types
	GIM
		image to image generation
		
	GLM
		e.g LLM
		text to image generation
		text to text generation
		image to text

-------------------------------------
Traditional AI, often referred to as machine learning (ML),
has primarily focused on analytic tasks like classification
and prediction. Generative AI (gen AI) goes a step further
with its ability to create new, original content -
text, images, audio, video, and other forms of output.

Traditional AI uses predictive models to classify data, recognize
patterns, and predict outcomes within a specific context or domain,
such as analyzing medical images to detect irregularities. Gen AI
models generate entirely new outputs rather than simply making
predictions based on prior experience.

Gen AI is a type of artificial intelligence that uses neural networks
and deep learning algorithms to identify patterns within existing
data as a basis for generating original content.
---------
Deep learning  - multiple layers of interconnected
neurons, allowing for more sophisticated learning and representation
of data. This led to the advancement of
	cnn - convolutional neural network  - used in computer vision task
	RNN - Recurrent neural network - used in sequential data processing, 
	     such as language modeling
	speech recogonition 
	nlp - natural language processing
These technologies laid the foundation for gen AI.

GAN - Generative Adversarial Network
VAE - Variational Autoencoders

Generative AI applications are built on top of large language models (LLMs) and foundation models.

------------------------
		
Natural Language Processing -  used to analyze data and make predictions

-------------------------------------
	
Generative AI - Subset of DL.
	 Used to  create new content. 
        e.g Grammer Checking, Sentiment Analysis, training data
        can produce various types of content, including text, images, audio and synthetic data.
        music composition, video synthesis
        Gen AI helps bank employees effectively to find and understand information in contracts (e.g., policies, credit
        memos, underwriting, trading, lending, claims, and regulatory) and other unstructured PDF documents 
        e.g., summarize the regulatory filings of bank X).

	LLM - Large language model
		Foundation(pre trained) Model
			- Trained on huge data . entire internet
			- Finetuning is done to do domain specific
		e.g. 
			Google - Gema(Open source)Gemini
			Meta - Llama
			
		LLM stands for Large Language Model, it takes a prompt and identify, 
		analyze language pattern and generate required new content. Because of large 
		size of training dataset and large number of parameters they are called as 
		“Large” Language Models.

		Generative AI applications are built on top of large language models (LLMs) 
		and foundation models. LLMs are deep learning models that consume and train 
		on massive datasets to excel in language processing tasks. 

		These applications are consumed by end users using crafted prompts to guide 
		and generate new content from LLMs. Based on the availability to end users 
		LLMs are divided into two types:  

        Open Source :Llama2 from Meta.
        Closed Source. Open AI GPT-3/GPT-4. (GPT - Generative Pre-trained Transformer)
				
		LIM - Large image model
		Langchain - Framework to work with specific models.
-------------------------------
Conversational vs Generative AI
Conversational AI
Creates human-like interactions through text and speech, such as chatbots or voice bots, by understanding 
and processing human language. It can improve customer interactions and service efficiency in real-time communication.
Conversational AI is trained on large data sets that include human input, conversations, user queries, and responses. 
However, chatbots that lack training can get stuck in loops when faced with nuanced queries, which can frustrate users.
Generative AI
Creates original content, such as text, images, or music, by learning patterns from existing data and responding to 
human prompts. It can foster innovation and revolutionize fields like design and marketing with autonomous creativity. 
Generative AI is trained on different sets of data to learn patterns that can be used to create content 
with predictive patterns.
------------------------------

	
	
	
	
	
	
